Updated create a block grid programatically section of "Block Grid" page (#7607)
umbraco/UmbracoDocs: 16/umbraco-cms/fundamentals/backoffice/property-editors/built-in-umbraco-property-editors/block-editor/block-grid-editor.md

// this represents an item in the block grid layout collection
public class BlockGridLayoutItem
{
    public BlockGridLayoutItem(int columnSpan, int rowSpan, Guid contentKey, Guid settingsKey)
    {
        ColumnSpan = columnSpan;
        RowSpan = rowSpan;
        ContentKey = contentKey;
        SettingsKey = settingsKey;
    }

    [JsonPropertyName("columnSpan")]
    public int ColumnSpan { get; }

    [JsonPropertyName("rowSpan")]
    public int RowSpan { get; }

    [JsonPropertyName("contentKey")]
    public Guid ContentKey { get; }

    [JsonPropertyName("settingsKey")]
    public Guid SettingsKey { get; }

    [JsonPropertyName("areas")]
    // areas are omitted from this sample for abbreviation
    public object[] Areas { get; } = [];
}
```
{% endcode %}

> 8.  Create a class called **BlockGridTestController.cs**. By injecting `IContentService` and `IContentTypeService` into an API controller, we can transform the raw data into Block Grid JSON. It can then be saved to the target content item.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
8.  Create a class called **BlockGridTestController.cs**. By injecting `IContentService` and `IContentTypeService` into an API controller, the raw data can be transformed into Block Grid JSON. It can then be saved to the target content item.
```

> 8. By injecting `IContentService` and `IContentTypeService` into an API controller, we can transform the raw data into Block Grid JSON. It can then be saved to the target content item. Create a class called **BlockGridTestController.cs** containing the following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
8.  Create a class called **BlockGridTestController.cs**. By injecting `IContentService` and `IContentTypeService` into an API controller, we can transform the raw data into Block Grid JSON. It can then be saved to the target content item.
```
